I'm going to show you how to get an easy
makeup look in less than 5 minutes using
products only from your local drugstore
step 1 concealer it is your best friend
very very gentle strokes
that's all align following your lash
line same thing other side next
the next step is the all-important pies
now it's time for the blush because
everybody needs a rosy glow now once
you're satisfied with that you can
always go back and touch up later
smile a little bit
follow the simple natural line of your
lips don't try to go outside of them
because everybody knows that those
aren't really your lips the final step
is powder so choose a shade slightly
lighter than your skin tone
finally lipstick for this pantsless
gloss and voila perfect flawless makeup
in less than 5 minutes